earlier in the program we were hearing
about some of the problems the car
industry is facing right now but one
company in these Midlands is hoping to
buck the trend with the launch of a
brand-new sports car the zonta has been
described as a minimalist sports car for
the 21st century it's handmade in a
factory in nauseam and it costs between
18 and 22,000 pounds were lucky central
tonight's doing hesketh room for a test
drive
it's like City it in a giant go-kart we
were only going 30 miles an hour but it
felt more like 70 it is a bit of a ball
always toy but great fun Paul Holmes and
his team have built it from scratch
using technology from the smart car
they're hoping it'll take the sports car
the world by storm I genuinely believe
that there are enough people out there
that want something special at the end
of that I even though the motor industry
is full of fields of fiestas and Honda
Civics and things like this there is a
real vacuum in the market for low-volume
especially sports cars it's what the
Briton is known for the car is a hundred
percent recyclable it's got a six-speed
semi-automatic gearbox and a top speed
of 120 miles an hour it can also do up
to 60 miles to the gallon right now this
is where I get all Jeremy clocks and on
you just few petrol heads out there take
a look at this little engine it's tiny
very similar to the sort of engine you'd
find in a smart car it's 700 CC 3
cylinder turbocharged and the whole kit
and caboodle has been handmade here in
Nottingham but the key question as with
any new invention is will it sell you'd
like to have one would you if yeah
absolutely yeah finances permitting but
there there we go I'm sure there's
plenty of people out they would look to
get behind a wheel or one of those old
barn you get the right price definitely
this is the chassis of the very first
zonta which is being commissioned by a
customer it weighs just around 80 kilos
it's only their first order but the lads
are hoping that this Christmas everyone
will be asking
horizontal Jane hesketh in Nottingham
for central tonight
Jane looking very cool in her Sony's if
you say now a group of bikers have taken
to the streets of Derbyshire to make
sure dozens of dogs have a happy
Christmas this year or should I say a
yappy Christmas nation